hello Jesus mar i work at one of the
apple retail store today I got something
to tell you please do not buy the
microsoft office from act
the reason is
when we discussed about issues of those
who want to switch to man or so called
TC Swisher pcs which are the common
denominators between the primary
problems or primary concern among those
pieces feature is the compatibility
between office sue across platform to
math and windows so common in the
denominator is sometimes we get some
questions about I might be able to send
and receive power from pc users if I
using that and these problems also occur
when
the ipad for the iphone also obviously
we can find the microsoft office sued
for ipad or iphone so for almost one
decade I've been trying to gather all
information that i can get and try to
solve problems if you go to any website
if you go to any web board concerning
about the office from math problems at
the end of every web forms available on
the internet you see that most people
might end up with the friends okay if
you want to be able to reach the highest
potential of microsoft office tasks from
that you have to run windows on your map
regular Giancarlo desktop or you have to
do stuff
run windows 7 and then you run microsoft
office for windows but I don't agree
with that idea because the use of Napoli
run windows you get viruses so that's
the problem so I am trying to figure it
out and trying to find the reason why
these problems occurs and I found the
cause of the problems the cause of the
problem is it's very easy just one snap
of a finger that Microsoft consoled the
problems but they won't do it I didn't
say can do but I said one do
the cars in order to be you know she
dominance the market in order to
encroach into my territory if they
allowed of course the seamless
integration with maps and windows across
the platform if they allow Microsoft
Office to be completely available on iOS
devices we have to lose a mortgage share
which is not acceptable for Steve
Ballmer existing CEO of Microsoft so the
bottom line is Microsoft doesn't care
how math users Microsoft doesn't tell us
about you as yourself doesn't care about
me Microsoft doesn't care about Mac user
microsoft doesn't care about iOS devices
future so we have very wide grinch
alternative
or offered sued Iran math you can
install the knee office you can install
the OpenOffice from Raiders Oracle or
sun microsystems you can try the latest
one and like I spent the most on
LibreOffice which is really good on iPod
iPod iPhone or iPad probably you can try
the document to go but i would suggest
the Quick Office SD that's the past that
try and of course I work for at but i
would suggest p I work suit for a map or
the iwork suited for iPhone iPad or iPod
touch
so the bottom line if you're a Mac user
if you have mac or ipad i thought
arrival touch please do not find any
software as well microsoft dog install
microsoft office from that because it's
one be exactly the same as a Microsoft
on windows anyway so you try the three
bears that I mentions because Microsoft
doesn't cares about you so you don't
have to buy products for Microsoft